An arcade puzzle game inspired by Chainz with quite a few twists.
Retro-styled, with vibrant colors and pixel art.
Focus on the gameplay and visual effects, not so much on the story (there's none) or the background (maybe some white pixels will do).

In the original Chainz game, you have a board similar to Candy Crush or billions of other similar games.
Instead of gems or candies, you have pieces of chains which you have to connect to make matches.
However, in the original, you have to rotate links separately, so if you have three in parallel, you have to click three times.
In this game, I plan to make it instead so you can drag to make a match and the links will align and connect automatically.
This also allows to create arbitrarily long matches.
I'm not sure how the powerups will work yet.

The game is aimed to be fast-paced, with a time limit.
(secret: although the time limits are going to be quite challenging,
    the game will "get easier" if you have little time left with quite a lot to do, such as rig the spawns to make it more enjoyable)
To complete each level, you need to mark all the tiles, or in other words, make at least one match over every tile.
To counter the boring factor, I plan to add some various obstacles in later levels.

The demo will probably contain 10 levels.
This design may change based on feedback during any part of the development.



What will the game be called? I don't know!
(perhaps (by @muragami) - Connext?)





Day 1: ???
Day 2: Board, chains and a bit of visual effects
Day 3: Matching, scoring, chain connections, turning tiles gold and making a font work
Day 4: Actual matches, rotating links when matching, rotation animations, cross links
Day 5: Different board shapes, level intro/outro animations, HUD, timer, potentially code cleanup (well turns out not)
Day 6: Level complete/lose screen, more than one level, rainbow links, lives, a few sound effects
Day 7: Main menu, power meter, more sound effects
Day 8: Settings, obstacles, special tiles, more chain colors
Day 9: Designing all 10 levels, pause menu, game over
--- WE'RE HERE
Day 10: Installing music, game win, QoL, playtests, balancing, adjustments and anything that hasn't been addressed so far. Packaging it up, and sending!

Idea bucket:
- Making the window resizable
- Fix multi-shuffles and shuffles on starting a level
- Divide tile borders into chunks so some can be not rendered
- Hints after 4 seconds pass, and if 3 seconds without mouse movement, auto-pause

- "This is your last chance! Don't screw it up!" when entering the level with one life left (Done!)
- Saving settings (Done!)
- Cheat buttons for levels (Done!)

GIMP color ff -> c0: 47% cover



Ideas for special items:
- Boxes which occupy a space until destroyed (one or more times)
- Icy tiles which need to be broken before making them gold (one or more times)
- Locked chains (chained chains? lmao)
- Is that enough for 10 levels?

Another idea:
- A bar which fills when matching over gold tiles; when filled, it will explode a few non-gold tiles or obstacles if any